feat: add a componentplan example (#89)
kubebb/components: examples/chartmuseum/README.md

# Install chartmuseum Component with Kubebb

## Prerequisites

1. Install [kubebb-core](https://github.com/kubebb/components/tree/main/charts/kubebb-core) v0.1.0+

2. Create a repo [kubebb](https://github.com/kubebb/components/blob/main/repos/repository_kubebb.yaml)

```shell

>     kubectl apply -n kubebbs-sytem -f repos/repository_kubebb.yaml

Reviewer: type: `kubebb-system`

```

## Install chartmuseum Component 

1. Apply `componentplan.yaml` or `componentplan_auth.yaml` support basic_auth

```shell
    kubectl apply -f  examples/chartmuseum/componentplan.yaml  or  kubectl apply -f  examples/chartmuseum/componentplan_auth.yaml
```

2. Get service for CLUSTER-IP

```shell
    kubectl get svc -n kubebb-system
    NAME          TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
    chartmuseum   ClusterIP   10.96.116.173   <none>        8080/TCP   17h 
```

> 3. According to clusterIP, change below spec.url and save into `repository_chartmuseum.yaml`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Use chartmuseum Component as Service

After installing the chartmuseum component, we can use it as service. 

Modify the following `spec.url` according to the clusterIP of the service `chartmuseum` and save it to `repository_chartmuseum.yaml` (chartmuseum with basic authentication can be found in `examples/chartmuseum/repository_chartmuseum.yaml`)
```

Author: Thanks,I have edited it.

```yaml
apiVersion: core.kubebb.k8s.com.cn/v1alpha1
kind: Repository
metadata:
  name: chartmuseum
  namespace: kubebb-system
spec:
  url: http://10.96.116.173:8080
  pullStategy:
    intervalSeconds: 120
    retry: 5
```

4. Apply `repository_chartmuseum.yaml`

```shell
    kubectl apply -f repository_chartmuseum.yaml

> ```

Reviewer: ```
kubectl apply -f examples/chartmuseum/repository_chartmuseum.yaml
```

Use the same path as the command on line 19.

# Install chartmuseum Component with Kubebb

## Prerequisites

> 1. Install [kubebb-core](https://github.com/kubebb/components/tree/main/charts/kubebb-core) v0.1.0+

Reviewer 3: pls update this v0.1.0+ to `v0.1.3+`

```shell
    kubectl apply -n kubebb-system -f repos/repository_kubebb.yaml
```

## Install chartmuseum Component 

1. Apply `componentplan.yaml` or `componentplan_auth.yaml` support basic_auth

```shell
    kubectl apply -f  examples/chartmuseum/componentplan.yaml  or  kubectl apply -f  examples/chartmuseum/componentplan_auth.yaml
```

2. Get service for CLUSTER-IP

```shell
    kubectl get svc -n kubebb-system
    NAME          TYPE        CLUSTER-IP      EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)    AGE
    chartmuseum   ClusterIP   10.96.116.173   <none>        8080/TCP   17h 
```

## Use chartmuseum Component as Service

After installing the chartmuseum component, we can use it as service. 

Modify the following `spec.url` according to the clusterIP of the service `chartmuseum` and save it to `repository_chartmuseum.yaml` (chartmuseum with basic authentication can be found in `examples/chartmuseum/repository_chartmuseum.yaml`)

```yaml
apiVersion: core.kubebb.k8s.com.cn/v1alpha1
kind: Repository
metadata:
  name: chartmuseum
  namespace: kubebb-system
spec:
  url: http://10.96.116.173:8080
  pullStategy:
    intervalSeconds: 120
    retry: 5
```

> 4. Apply `repository_chartmuseum.yaml`

Reviewer 2: This line should also be changed

> 3. Apply `repository_chartmuseum.yaml`

Reviewer 2: Because under another secondary heading, I don't think it's necessary to put them in the order above, there's no need here for 3

Author: i think so
